# coding_challenge

This is a coding challenge to build an Ansible-Playbook that goes inside APIC and build the whole topology (Tenant, VRF, Bridge-Domains, EPGs, Application Profiles, Contracts, etc.) and some extra features.

Note: screen-shots are attached in Issues section.


Phase I: -

Generated by "standard.yml" playbook.

Topology: -

-	One tenant (Ameen_Standard_Tenant).
-	One application profile (am_ap).
-	One VRF.
-	3 bridge domains.
•	Web_server.
•	App_Server.
•	Data_Base.

-	All running inside one VRF.

 
-	Every bridge domain is associated with a subnet.

-	Three EPGs.
-	Every EPG is associated with a bridge domain.
-	Two contracts were created: 


  Cont_1: filters traffic between Web_servre & App_Server.

  Cont_2: filters traffic between App_Server & Data_Base.





Phase II: -


Generated by "mit_Bonus.yml" playbook.

- New tenant dedicated for the new topology (Ameen_Mit_Bonus_Tenant).

- Same old element + extra features added.

- “L3-out” in order to advertise Web_Server subnet to the outside world.

- External EPG (EPG-4)- associated it with L3-out.

- Contract (cont_3) between EPG_4 and the Web_server (EPG_1) in order to advertise Web_server subnet to the outside world.


- Virtuall Port Channel (VPC) to connect Leaf 101 & Leaf 102 together in one VPC.

Screen shots are attached in Issues section.



Cisco Sandbox details: -
https://devnetsandbox.cisco.com/

log in with CISCo ID or Gmail account.

"Reservable ACI similator" was used where one can book it (max 6 hours) with total dedication to the user.

it's a recommended solution for testing purposes only , coz you will loose your configuration after the 6 hours limit.

Prerequsites: -

Download cisco AnyConnect VPN client from here: https://developer.cisco.com/site/sandbox/anyconnect/ or from Microsfot Store.

After clicking reserve, you will recieve two emails, the second one has the VPN credentials.

Once you logged in with VPN credentials, your APIC is availabe at: -

https://10.10.20.14

user: admin

pass: C1sco12345

Notes: -
- Those credentials are fixed for all reservable ACI simulators.
- The webiste is expected to be under maintinance starting from 11/12/2021.

